The rookie, finally out of the mess, glances straight towards the distant skyscrapers bathed in neon purple and green. He then looks back at the apartment building one last time with relief and finally stares at the obnoxious AVRA etching on the Nexus Core. He immediately deactivates and removes his navigation headgear, tossing it away near the apartment entrance in an attempt to escape, now that his team can't reach him by pinging the common communication channel.

After switching to his private channel as he moves across the crowded market streets below tall glowing advertisements, he is suddenly bombarded with several text messages from his girlfriend, Nyra. These messages mostly suggest he's running late and that the rendezvous point can now potentially be compromised.

After almost twenty minutes of clumsily traversing through the densely populated market district, he finally reaches the point Nyra mentioned in the text messages.

The bronze statue of Grand Arbiter Moillur stood tall as the rookie slowly walks back and forth below it, looking for Nyra. After waiting there for a few more minutes, the rookie attempts to jump into his private channel again, and then he is immediately grabbed from behind with an overpowering force.

"Which super cybernetic agent did you let follow you this time, Carek?" To which he tries to respond with a muffled voice through Nyra's hand covering his mouth, "Give me a brea...," Nyra cuts him off immediately, "You're well aware every extra second we waste makes the Doc less likely to cooperate." She lets him go, the rookie catching his breath, exhausted, says, "Change of plans, the ShockMixer is the least of our priorities now. I'll need a Thermal Vision implant instead." Nyra, with visible hints of irritation, whispers, "Carek, we talked about this! You can't just change plans out of nowhere like this, and why do you need Thermal Vision anyway? What happened to that headgear of yours? Oh wait... don't tell me...".

The rookie hands her the Nexus core and says with great disappointment, "Things obviously didn't go as planned. I mean, what exactly were you expecting? But we finally have the core now...". Nyra interrupts him again with growing impatience, "So, we are finally on the run from these NuMavs now?" The rookie responds confidently, "Those NuMavs and those husks I can handle. We have a bigger problem than that." Nyra, finally in a calm and lowered voice, says, "What do you mean, bigger problem?".

The rookie sighs with a tired expression and holds Nyra's hand that has the Nexus core, running his finger slowly across the eye-catching logo. Nyra immediately switches back to her usual annoyed expression and shouts, "So it's AVRA hunting us now??!" Carek immediately shuts her down, "Lower your voice, damnit! So much for blending in the crowd!"