# HV: I know the names are temporary but I think it's better to rename “cartel” to some other believable drug empire crime syndicate. We can reveal later on that some unexpected honorable UC citizen was behind the syndicate 

# HV: @sam caspus suggested that netflix dream is a kind of a drug so this particular netflix of dreams drug will be the main product of this crime syndicate 

# HV: @Mani Ratnam Jaddidi The purist cult idea is interesting. I researched something. Take a look

# MJ: Will replace Cartel with gang only and use Cartel for special occasion.

# HV: expanding upon the purist cult idea, I suggest the name “toothless children” for this cult.
# children representing a sense of innocence
# toothless represeting devoid of any augmentations.

# HV: edit: I randomly searched “toothless children” on google and apparently the name is already used in some other form of fiction already.
# So I suggest yet another name:
# ”toothless scions”

# scion = child
# basically a synonym and this name is unique too.

# edit 2: main chutiya hu.
# dono names available hain
# they are NOT already in use.
# So we can use either of them.

Soon gangs formed and started smuggling tech from UC to LC and got their hands on carbon. The better the carbon tech you have, the better you can dominate the other in LC but here’s a catch the tech we got in LC is faulty. Because it was not implanted by professionals the carbon gave the buffs it supposed to give but also glitched ( work on a better stuff rather than simply glitch) and went down after heavy usage (again work on this one as well). It is very rare to see people not having carbon in them but people like that still exist in today’s date. They’ve their own cult who reject carbon and want to live as humans used to. 