# MJ: Need inputs on this introduction of superior Robots 

# HV: these robots could have a kind of a hivemind, which means multiple robo-units but one single brain and that brain(processor) is placed a heavily guarded facility of a (place_holder_name) organization/corporation and it's headquarters are located in UC.

# HV: This corporation is multi-billion currency strong. (Haven't decided currency name yet)

# HV: The way how hivemind works is that if even a single robot unit is harmed, it triggers a distress signal to every other unit in the nearby vicinity and they all rush in to rescue that one unit

# MJ: Loved the first concept you mentioned. We can add it here that L knows about it or we can add it later making sure that L is oblivious to this crucial info.

# MJ: Oh you’re definitely cooking here mate, imma ss this now

People still try to execute the day today lives like they used to going from doing business to working in corporate trying to run the system but at the end of the day living on the mercy on cartel and gangs. The police try to stop violence as much as possible but they are unable to compete with them because they can’t have superior carbon tech than any people living on LC so  as to make a fail safe solution that they don’t get targeted  by the cartel and gangs themselves and get better carbon. But it also resulted in them getting outsmarted by gangs a lot. To counter this UC made robots to assist the cops and if you try to get the carbon out of them it just self detonates. So far nobody is able to get through this self destruction function of robots yet.