# HV: A great setup to land the protagonist and gang in trouble but please use third person perspective in writing. Otherwise looks good

# MJ: Yeah the reason I was using first person to give insights on a personal level of L. Like here he got beef with the Police woman and he’s full of emotions when it comes to her. 

# MJ: Also  I forgot to mention that I didn’t introduce any thriller stuff write now because we’re still in the characters intro phase right now. Once the real action is started I’ll start writing in a way that is more engaging for me as well. 

Today we got info that there’s a big load of Carbon getting supplied to the tower in 4 days and this gig will give us enough to enjoy for 3 weeks. You know how it goes big gigs demands high risks as well so I’m planning out everything, the timing, man power needed, tech to get in, and the most important one executing all this in our area only. There’s this unwritten  rule that gangs won’t  interfere in another gangs area. If you can take it in your area then its yours otherwise just forget about it. 

Our gang got ten members including me and P there’s five more guys and three girls. We are all got different roles  to fill in like me  being the planner, the muscle heads  leading from the front, the hacker, the lookout, the stealthy one and the sniper. In girls one’s a Sniper S ( for now) one’s a stealthy one St and one’s a muscle head Fm in guys the hacker is H  the look out is Lo and remaining are muscle head ( either I’ll make their name or we’ll discuss them). I personally don’t get into action as much as possible but I don’t avoid action if needed. I coordinate with everyone so that we’re in sync with one  another and  the most disobedient ones are our muscle heads including P. Anyway I got 4 days to get everything straight and cover every variable I can think of. The military will be there, the Robots will be there and in heavy number. I can manage pretty much all of this but there’s someone like me in the Police  department as well Police Head Sasha ( random name for now) and  damn she’s one heck of a  cop who has foiled our plans a number of times already and this time I want to outsmart and settle the scores for good. Last time she got two  of our guys reducing us to 10. This time it’ll be different and I’ll make sure of it.