# MJ: Starting to write in 3rd person to explain stuff 

# MJ: If we’ll ever animate this or make it a comic and introduction of characters will be in the stealing arc itself. I believe it will be more entertaining that way

Its the D-day for L and the gang.  Everything is set in position. Even with L’s planning the guys were unable to successfully steal carbon in the presence of Sasha and adding salt to the wound they even lost two members of their gang. P was raging hard and wanted to go after Sasha but L and the members were able to subdue him somehow.  It’s 11 in the morning and there’s sweat dripping from every gang member. The possible joy of  making enough money ( unique currency, we’ll think of it later) for 3 weeks is nowhere to be found on these faces. Fear and anxiety is taken over their mind anticipating whether they can even get away unscathed from this alone and even the muscle heads are having shaky hands just anticipating what’ll happen next as they’re on the front lines going head to head with The Sasha.  Amidst of all this came the voice of one man

Today we’ll take as much carbon as we want and we’ll take our revenge as well for my mates who were caught last time. Sasha will eat dust and we’ll all be having our last today. You don’t need to believe in me just believe in what you guys do the best.

 

Nice pep talk L said S. But if your plan didn’t work today this time against Sasha then I’m gonna put bullet on your ass as a partying gift. 

Fuck me S. Can’t to be a little nicer to the guy who makes all the plans here so you guys don’t get caught at the end of the day?

It’s time said  Lo. (L) where’s St? (S) don’t know but you know her, she’ll pop up right where she needs to be. She needs to be more careful than any of us L…

(Lo) Here comes the load surrounded with, holy shit 20 robots. L its 10 more than what you anticipated. (L) We’ll go with Plan D and if we see another robot than we’ll initiate the escape plan right away and get our asses out of here and disappear for some time. 

(Lo) 5 robots in front, 5 in back and 10 in air. How much carbon are they even transporting today?

(L) focus Lo. (Lo) Right there’s 5 police cars, 2 in front and 3 in back. I can’t see Sasha anywhere looks like they’re too confident with the robots they got. (L) Na she’s definitely here. So that’s how you wanna play Sasha huh.