# MJ: Let’s call narrator n for now.

# MJ: Calling the remaining muscle heads m1, m2 ,m3. P and fm(female muscle head)

(L) I’ve anticipated this much already so lets proceed. (n) The cargo was moving on and wherever it was going the road before it was cleared and blocked 30 minutes prior to it. Mam so far we haven’t encountered any criminals, looks like it’s was lucky day. (Sasha) Eyes on the cargo, one moment is all its needed create chaos. (n) The moment Sasha said it they were all hit by a smoke mist.  

(Sasha) Everybody stop moving. Stay close to the cargo and don’t get out of your vehicles yet. (police man near Sasha) our signal link is broken Mam. This doesn’t look like a small robbery attempt, they’re well equipped for this. (Sasha) So you’ve made your move ha master mind. Team Wolf get your weapons ready and **Falcon** (the humanoid robot) time to roll out. 

(At the location) Shit we’ve lost signal with Sasha. Now what’re we gonna do. The Robots have surrounded the cargo. Ok guys get your weapons out and we’re gonna surround the Cargo as well. 

(n) Unaware of what’s  gonna happen next the  policemen wearing their gasmasks went outside doing opposite of what Sasha was thinking. Suddenly they were enveloped by pure silence anticipating what gonna happen next.  Looking everywhere,  making sure every corner was covered. The in charge blinked for one  second and “”boom”” every policemen in the vicinity became unconscious . One policeman was trying  to wake up the In charge there - Sir, Sir!!!! wake up!!! we need your help. Look the cargo is gone and and. (the in charge woke up )What the fuck happened here. Looking all around there were injured policemen covered in debris. Shit they blew up the road beneath us those bastards.