The whole policemen near the cargo were caught up in the explosion under the road in the sevar
They were highly injured and some where still caught in the debris. There was dust all around 
from the debris peoples limbs were caught by the debris but due to heavy external tech they didn't 
lose their limbs. Those who were able to stand couldn't believe what they were seeing. Faces full
of agony and despair like they've seen angel of death knocking right in their faces. Fear of 
loosing a partner,  fear of what'll happen next to them, trauma of whether they'll even be able 
to recover from this was going through their minds. The incharge was at a loss of words of what
to do next and then the sound came. (Sasha) Colonal(will think of some name later) status report.
Colonal status report,  now!!!!.

It snapped out the incharge and he replied. Mam the cargo is gone and everthing is a mess here.
(Sasha)I know that dumbass I wanna know how many policemen are still able to operate. Incharge 
looked around and said mam no one. (Sasha)Sighted and said fine,put me on so that we everyone
can here me.

Listen everyone the help is on the way now, you did what you can and rest now is what I'd like 
to say but there're policemen still stuck in the debris, even though you guys are wearing the
sturdy safety suits but that won't be enough for the long run. If you can walk then start clearing
the deris on your own and don't bother to find Robots as the one who were flying above are on the
persuit right now, over, good work soldiers. 

(Incharge) Wait Mam did you already knew this was gonna happen? (Sasha) No I did not but it is
the master mind we're talking about so I knew he was gonna come all gun blazing but I didn't knew
he was gonna do something so explosive. He went for high risk and high reward but I'll make sure 
he remembers the risk this time as well for messing  up with my team. Over Colonal.

